  I really enjoyed completing this homework assignment. I used a lot of the pandas code used in class to complete this assignment. I used the sort function, various formulas, and various group by functions that were discussed in class. I really feel that my knowledge of Pandas and Python has dramatically improved since completing this assignment.
  I chose to do the PyCitySchools assignment as the analysis was similar to the kind of work that I was doing at a previous job where I was analyzing what activities students do in school and how that correlates to what students choose to major in in college. I really enjoyed doing a variety of mathematical calculations for this homework assignment using Pandas and Python itself. I truly feel like I am better at coding in Pandas than I was before I completed this assignment.
	I learned a lot of interesting facts about various schools while completing this assignment which benefitted me personally. I really enjoyed using the groupby function in Pandas as well as the sort function. Using bins to group variables was also something I found really interesting to do. Completing this assignment really makes me interested in pursuing a career where I would be coding in Python or Pandas.
	The instructions for completing the PyCitySchools assignment was pretty straightforward. I completed all of the instructions in order. I feel like as I got further and further along with the assignment it became more and more difficult. The main exception to that is when completing the scores by school size and scores by school type part of the assignment, I used the same code that I wrote for the scores by school spending part of the assignment and then changed various variables around. I also used very similar code for math scores by grade and reading scores by grade. I really enjoyed doing this assignment and I feel like I got a lot out of it. I attached my code with all of my output under each section of the code. I really believe this assignment and the previous assignment made me much more comfortable coding in Python and Pandas, and I am more passionate about Python than I was before completing this assignment along with the last assignment. 
